Everyone feels
nervous in their first day of school.
I mean, who doesn't really?
Personally,
I was very nervous when I came here.
But that's
what the Welcome Committee is for.
So we want to help newcomers
to be welcomed in the school,
to help them relieve their stress of being
in an unknown and new environment.
And you want to show newcomers
that they belong in the school,
and that they can be what they are
or who they are.
So our policy as the welcoming
Committee Club is to welcome students,
and have them get accustomed
to the new school, to the new environment.
We feature curiosity.
We guide them.
And also we we make them feel safe
and make them feel
accepted in this
new school and make them feel
they are.
They belong to this school.
They they have what to say.
And also they have the freedom
to participate in the activities.
The one in the school.
On the first school day
we welcome them right at the door.
We just gave you a big smile
and a little welcome back
after that.
Like we bring them to the yellow car.
Like you should have a question
to the local,
teach them how to open their locker.
Unlike most straight to the door,
bring that to each class like
and present them to a student
they can be friends with.
Like me, they presented me to once the
who was student and it's me student.
Our leader of the community
got a community,
got a club that presented me to her.
Something that we do before
the students arrive is that we create
these goodie bags that are given
to the students on their first day.
The bag includes some snacks and treats
that the students can enjoy
and an estimated dollar,
which is school currency that you can
then later buy popcorn
and other treats during special days.
During the month, the bag was created
with the students in mind
and this logo on the bag was designed
by a grade 12 student named Lucia.
She designed it
with welcome in many different languages
and is very colorful and bright.
As you can see, as a student
who came to the school
when the welcoming community
was not non-existent,
it was really hard for me
because I was alone
and I did not have anybody to guide me.
My first day of school was one
I will never forget
and for all the wrong reasons.
But with the welcoming community,
I got to help all students
who did not have to experience that.
In my case, I got to have an amazing
friendship with one of the new students.
We encourage them to join extracurricular
activities so they feel included.
Like volleyball,
basketball, and auto clubs.